# timebot.febo.com 

This is **timebot**, a RAG-assisted expert system created
for time and frequency applications, but the code should be
usable for other knowledgebases with only minor changes.

## Description

**timebot** consists of several Python programs that ingest (a) Mailman v2 mailing
list archive files in HTML format; (b) PDF files; and (c) web sites into two databases:
chromadb for similarity searches, and whoosh for full-text indexing.

A RAG server allows queries into these databases.

A chat server (built using the streamlit framework) accepts user queries, retrieves
relevant documents from the databases, and forwards the query and context to an external
LLM.

### Installation
I need to document this more fully, but the software was built in a Debian
12 LXC (container) on a Proxmox host.  The host has a GPU and the Nvidia CUDA 
drivers are installed in the LXC to support the vector database embedding 
model.  Apart from that, the hardware requirements are relatively modest -- 
a couple of cores and about 8GB of RAM are sufficient.  Disk space depends on 
the size of the knowledge base and the number of duplicate data copies you 
keep around.

The code is installed in /usr/local/lib/timebot and the knowledgebase and
input documents are in /var lib/timebot.  The applications run from 
/usr/local/bin/, the configuration files are in /etc/timebot, and the systemd 
unit files are in /etc/systemd/system.  In my system, those files are all 
symlinks from the files stored under /usr/local/lib/timebot.

There are a number of Python modules installed using PIP3 as root.  I know that's 
horrible and evil and stuff but I couldn't figure out how to make this all work 
using venv the way you're supposed to.

Still to be added is a requirements.txt file showing the PIP dependencies.  
Many of the packages have had major upgrades since I started development 
and I need to carefully go through the update process to get those installed 
without breaking everything.

Apart from all that, you should need to only change "timebot" to your 
preferred name throughout the files and you should be ready to start
ingesting your knowledge base.  There are currently ingest programs to
work with HTML formatted Mailman v2 archive files, PDF files (using Google
Cloud Vision API to do OCR), and HTML-only files from web sites.

You'll need to insert appropriate API keys, etc., in /etc/timebot/secrets.

## Author
John Ackermann N8UR  -- jra at febo dot com

## Version History
* 0.1
    * Initial Release

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details.
Most of this code was generated by LLMs, so I don't claim much credit for it, though
I suppose I have to accept the blame...
